.. _20120322_vug5_paris:

**Varnish User Group Meeting 5**
---------------------------------
(VUG5 Paris)
------------

Thank you for a great VUG5 and your feedback! See the `event report here <https://www.varnish-cache.org/vug5-report>`_ .

Event Description and Conference Program/Slides
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sponsored by  `Capgemini <http://www.fr.capgemini.com/>`_  and `Varnish
Software <https://www.varnish-software.com>`_ , the Fifht Varnish User Group meeting was held in Paris. The meeting went over two days: A
conference style    User Day and an unconference toned Developer Day.
Thank you everyone for coming!     We had in total around 60 users on day 1 and 30 developers on day 2.

**Varnish User Day @ La Défense**
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Thursday, March 22nd, 2012


.. csv-table:: **Meet Us Here**
   :name: vug5_venue1
   :delim: ,
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20, 50, 30
   :file: tables/vug5_table1.csv

**Agenda for the Day!**

.. csv-table::
    :name: vug5_agenda1
    :delim: ,
    :header-rows: 1
    :widths: 50, 50
    :file: tables/vug5_table2.csv

----------------
VUG5 Description
----------------
Travel & Accommodation: Check `Hotels.com <http://www.hotels.com>`_ and see `this link <https://www.varnish-cache.org/trac/wiki/VUG5#GeneralInformation>`_ for transport help. \n Registration: The meeting is free of charge, but it requires registration, which is now closed.

----------------
Varnish User Day
----------------
The idea of the User Day is for users to share their experiences with the community and voice their current and future needs to the
development team. As you may have experienced, Varnish solves many challenges in the web today and will help you solving problems in the future. Obviously, this is something members of our community would like to know more about. So yes, this meeting will have presentations and
even slides, but we look forward for it to be an useful in-depth meeting about Varnish, most likely topped off with some cold beer at the end of the day.

----------------
Varnish Dev Day
----------------
After gathering feedback and having discussed with the community, the developer group of Varnish Cache and Varnish modules aka VMODs will gather to discuss and shape the future of the forthcoming 3.1 and 4.0 releases.   As this meeting can be highly technical and kind of boring for others than the hardcore C-developing hackers of Varnish, the Dev Day is for Developers only.

---------------------
Attendee Registration
---------------------
If you cannot see the registration form below, it is because registration is now closed.

.. vug5_table1 table
.. vug5_table2 table
