.. _20121005_vug6_london:

**Varnish User Group Meeting 6**
--------------------------------
(VUG6 London)
-------------

Thank you for a great event and your feedback! Make sure to check the `VUG6 report <https://www.varnish-cache.org/vug6-report>`_ and
the `notes from the Developer day <https://docs.google.com/a/varnish-software.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Apb8MyYPKVqZdDlNTHl2dExMRllrSV9HUnBLdkxwb3c#gid=0>`_.

Sponsored by `The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) <http://www.bbc.co.uk/>`_ and
`Varnish Software <https://www.varnish-software.com/>`_ ,
the Sixth Varnish User Group Meeting will take place on October 5th and 6th in London, UK
(right after `Velocity Europe 2012 <http://velocityconf.com/velocityeu2012>`_). For any VUG6 related proposal,
inquiry or anything related to the event please send an email to`ruben(at)varnish-software.com <mailto:ruben@varnish-software.com>`_ .

.. csv-table:: **Agenda for the Day**
   :name: vug6_agenda1
   :delim: ,
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 50, 50
   :file: tables/vug6_table1.csv


General Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The meeting goes over two days, one for all users of Varnish and one day for the developers to meet and make plans for future of the software.

**Travel & Accommodation:**

**Check** `Hotels.com <http://www.hotels.com>`_ and see `this link <http://www.tfl.gov.uk/>`_ for transport information.

The Varnish Project crew stays in `The Shaftesbury Premier London Paddington <http://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/Hotel_Review-g186338-d735547-Reviews-Shaftesbury_Premier_Hotel_London_Paddington-London_England.html>`_.

**Registration:** 

The meeting is free of charge, but it requires registration, which is now closed.

----------------
Varnish User Day
----------------
During Varnish User Day users can share their experiences with other users in the community and voice their current and future needs to the by development team. As you may have experienced, Varnish solves many challenges in the web today and will help you solving problems in the future. Obviously, this is something members of our community would like to know more about, `as previous meetings have shown <https://www.varnish-cache.org/trac/wiki/VUG>`_.

So yes, this meeting will have presentations and even slides. We encourage users of our software to share and present their experience and talk about what they do with Varnish and what challenges it helps you solve.

We look forward for it to be an useful in-depth meeting about Varnish, most likely topped off with some cold beer at the end of the day!

-------------------
Core Developer Day
-------------------

The developer group of Varnish Cache and Varnish modules aka VMODs will gather to discuss and shape the future of the forthcoming 3.1 and 4.0 releases. This meeting is highly technical and kind of boring for others than the hardcore C-developing hackers of Varnish. The Dev Day is for Developers only.

-------------------------
**Attendee Registration**
-------------------------

**Registration is now closed.**

If you want to be on the waiting list for any of the activities (User Day, Dinner, Dev Day) send an email to `ruben(at)varnish-software.com <mailto:ruben@varnish-software.com>`_.

-----------------------
Registered Participants
-----------------------

.. csv-table::
   :name: vug6_participants
   :delim: ,
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20, 20, 20, 20, 20
   :file: tables/vug6_table2.csv


.. vug6_table1 table
.. vug6_table2 table
